welcome to movie recall in today's video
we will be going through the 2011 sci-fi
thriller movie limitless
it's time to recall let's get started
turn on subtitles and spoilers ahead
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe for more videos like these
eddie mora is an aspiring writer living
in new york
for the past several months he's been
living off a book contract advance and
financial support from his girlfriend
the only problem is that he hasn't
written a single word of his book
he struggles writing his story going
through a continuous cycle of writing
deleting and starting over
he spends his afternoons drinking at a
bar or wasting away on his couch in a
messy apartment eventually his
girlfriend lindy leaves him
while walking home vernon calls out to
him
vernon is eddie's ex-wife's brother
after a little chit chat vernon
convinces him to have a drink together
they go to a bar and he tells him about
how melissa is doing
then they start talking about eddie's
creative problems and vernon suggests he
can help him
he shows him the drug he's selling it's
some kind of magic designer drug that
supposedly can help you access your
whole brain
allowing them to use 100 percent of
their brain power
eddie doesn't think it can help him
vernon needs to leave so he gives him
his business card and a sample of the
expensive drug for free on his way home
eddie contemplates his life
thinking he's already at his low point
he takes the nzt reasoning out that his
life couldn't get any worse
he runs into his landlord's wife valerie
who hates him she shouts at eddie but he
has lost focus on what the lady is
saying as the nzt is taking effect
he feels dizzy and the drug's effect
finally hits
he sees the lady's bag and in it a book
about law eddie deducts that the lady
dislikes him but something else must be
bothering her he asks about law school
and the lady is surprised how eddie
knows about her studying law eddie
recalls seeing the book once several
years ago in a dorm room when he was
still in college somehow he now
remembers everything he's ever read seen
and heard in his entire life eddie then
recommends a different book on the law
that would be more appropriate for her
assignment and continues advising her
about how she could proceed with her
assignment the lady is impressed even
attracted by eddie's sudden mastery of
law in court she invites him in he helps
with her assignment and they eventually
have intercourse
eddie is perplexed as to how he suddenly
has all of this knowledge he realizes
that he always had this knowledge just
in a random mess in his head the nzt
must have helped his brain rearrange and
analyze the pieces of information he has
in his head and turned them into a
congruent and organized thought that he
now has complete access to every
documentary every magazine article every
movie every commercial anything he's
ever read and seen has now been turned
into an accessible stream of information
he heads back to his dirty apartment and
starts cleaning he starts writing and
ends up with a 90 page preliminary
manuscript the following day he feels
the nzt's effects had worn off he takes
his manuscript to his editor the editor
is doubtful but reads it anyway when
eddie reaches home he receives voice
messages from his editor praising him
eddie then decides he'd need more nzt
and heads to vernon's apartment eddie
shows up at vernon's apartment and
vernon immediately knows what eddie
wants vernon then reveals that he lied
about nzt being legal and approved by
the fda regardless eddie still wants
more vernon asks eddie to head out to do
some chores and eddie complies thinking
he'd do what's necessary to get more nzt
he arrives back at the apartment and
sees the door busted open he sees
vernon's apartment had been ransacked
and vernon on the couch with a bullet
hole in his head eddie calls the police
but realizes he needs to find vernon's
nzt stash before the cops arrive he
finds a pack of nzt along with vernon's
list of clients in cash
at the police station eddie is
interviewed and gets a phone call from
melissa the police then tell eddie that
they'll stay in contact at home eddie
takes another pill and his creative
juices start flowing with vernon's cash
eddie gets a haircut and new clothes he
starts getting in shape and even
finishes his book in four days he learns
to play the piano in three days and
notices he can learn any language by
listening to it eddie becomes outgoing
meeting new people and impressing
everyone with his mastery of almost any
field he becomes daring his shyness gone
and he feels like he could achieve
anything he ever wanted and he gets a
realization and suddenly knows what he
needs to do he'd delve into the world of
stock trading he meets kevin a broker
working in wall street and he becomes
eddie's entry point into the world of
stocks eddie starts reading books on
stock trading and monitors the stock
market for movement
with nzt he grew vernon's remaining
eight hundred dollars to two thousand
dollars in a day the next day it reaches
7 500 eddie needs more capital for
growth and decides to seek help from a
loan shark kennedy kennedy decides to
give eddie the loan but warns that he
must be paid on time eddie takes the
risk confident that he would pay kennedy
back in no time the following day eddie
heads to kevin's brokerage firm and
starts buying and selling stocks
within two weeks eddie increased his
brokerage account to over 2 million
dollars word starts getting around and
soon kevin calls him to say that a wall
street tycoon wants to meet with him
that evening eddie has dinner with lindy
and tells her all about the good things
he's been doing with his life seeing
eddie clean up his act lindy is proud
and eddie tells her he just got a sudden
wake-up call and decided to get his life
together after dinner they head back to
lindy's place and make love over the
next couple of days the couple
rediscover their love and soon lindy
tells eddie that she wants to be
together with him again as they talk
about restarting their relationship
eddie spots a man eyeing them from a
distance later that night lindy is in
bed asking him to join her but eddie
stumbles and he's transported to the
hallway in an instant eddie has no
recollection of how he got out of his
apartment but lindy sees him and asks
him to go inside for a meal the
following day kevin joins eddie for
their meeting with the wall street giant
kevin is nervous but eddie assures him
that the meeting would be fine carl van
loon a wall street icon arrives and they
start talking carl's companion is
suspicious of eddie and how he climbed
up the ladder so fast thinking it's a
con but eddie talks his way through his
questioning and impresses carl on a car
ride home carl hands eddie a stack of
papers about the companies he owns and
asks eddie to take a look and to analyze
a pattern and asks him what a good move
would be eddie takes a thorough look and
realizes that carl must be planning a
massive merger with a competing company
carl's impressed even further noticing
how nobody could have figured that out
in such a short amount of time carl
gives eddie a chance to restructure the
deals between the companies and asks
eddie to meet him the following day he
went out walking still he finds himself
having episodes of unconsciousness
finding himself in different parts of
the city and having no recollection of
how he got there he stumbles into
several parties into different clubs
meeting different women and eventually
ending up in a hotel room with a model
where they have intercourse unbeknownst
to eddie the strange man that he had
seen earlier is following him after
leaving the hotel eddie heads to the
subway where he runs into a group of
thugs and gets into a fight the nzt
helps him remember every self-defense
video action movie fight scene and
survival documentary he's ever seen and
he manages to fight off the group of
thugs single-handedly he starts running
afterward and finds himself atop the
brooklyn bridge by dawn with no
recollection of what happened to him in
the past 18 hours eddie heads home and
gets to bed and wakes up the next day
feeling horrible he decides not to take
another tablet and tries to go through
the documents sent to him by carl but
they seem illegible eddie goes to the
meeting sober and unprepared carl keeps
asking him questions expecting
high-level answers from him but all
eddie can focus on is the tv where the
news are reporting that the woman he was
in the hotel with is dead he leaves the
meeting abruptly
he heads home and gets a call from
melissa who is asking questions about
vernon's death eddie asks her if they
could meet up somewhere and melissa
reluctantly agrees eddie goes through
vernon's notebook at a park looking up
vernon's clients and calling them to
find out more about the effects of nzt
each number he calls everyone on the
list is either dead or terribly sick the
last number he dials belongs to the man
who followed him and who's sitting near
to him it's the same man who had
followed eddie in the model to the hotel
and he sees him in runs as the man
chases after him he finally loses him by
going inside a cab he meets with melissa
and she tells him that she had also been
on the drug and barely made it out alive
when she stopped using it two years have
passed and the after effects still
haven't worn off she recommends that
eddie stop taking the pill too but tells
him to lower the dosage as the sudden
stop would be lethal eddie heads home
but runs into kennedy kennedy beats up
eddie and demands his payment they
stumble their way up eddie's apartment
and eddie drops an nzt pill kennedy
picks up the pill believing it to be
some kind of drug and takes it himself
they then head to the bank and eddie
gives him the money kennedy notes that
the pill made him feel excellent and
he'd be asking for more soon eddie makes
his way to lindy's office and collapses
eddie is left with no choice but to tell
lindy everything lindy finally
understands the source of eddie's
newfound motivation and agrees to
retrieve the pills for him she heads
home takes the rest of the drugs and
heads back on her way back she sees the
man following him she runs into the city
park and asks two men to help her but
the pursuer stabs both men and continues
chasing after lindy lindy hides behind
some boulders and calls eddie eddie
advises her to take one of the pills as
it would give her the power to overcome
the situation and she does after the
pill takes effect she knows what she has
to do to escape from the man chasing her
she runs into the ice skating rink and
carries a child spinning her around and
allowing the child's ice skates to slice
the man's face
the man falls and lindy gets away the
following day lindy expresses her
concerns about the pill saying it turned
her into a completely different person
and he promises he'll stop taking the
pill as soon as he gets enough money on
the street eddie sees kennedy spying on
him eddie approaches and kennedy says he
needs more of the pill and he gives him
a few but realizes kennedy won't stop
later he hires two bodyguards that
follow him everywhere and he goes to see
carl and he apologizes about the meeting
explaining he was sick but he had
already won the man over before so carl
still gives him the job he brokers the
biggest merger in the city for carl and
gets back on his feet eddie discovers
that if he slept properly stayed
hydrated and fed abstained from alcohol
and maintained a steady dose the
blackout episode stopped he has suits
custom made for him all with a hidden
pocket for the nzt he has not waiting
around until his stash of the drug runs
out he goes to a chemist and tells him
that he'll give him two million dollars
if he recreates it in six months while
having lunch he spots the detective that
interviewed him about vernon's death the
detective informs him that eddie is now
a suspect in the model's death as one
eyewitness placed him at the crime scene
eddie hires morris brandt one of the
best and most ruthless lawyers in new
york brandt gets him walking free
temporarily saying the evidence the
police had is too weak carl and eddie
meet with atwood again and they observe
atwood's deteriorating health eddie
heads back to his hotel room and finds
his room trashed security is now a
primary concern so he buys a luxurious
penthouse apartment with a top of the
notch security system later eddie runs
into kennedy who now has his own set of
thugs guarding him kennedy demands 20
more pills and blackmails eddie with the
model's death the next day carl and
eddie are waiting for atwood to come in
and sign the documents for the merger
when he doesn't show up his wife comes
to their offices to tell them that he's
sick but as soon as he's better he will
sign the contract the two of them walk
her out and as she's going into the car
eddie sees that the man who has been
following him is getting inside the car
with her her husband was sick because of
the drug eddie meets his lawyer in a
police station and gets into a police
lineup eddie takes his jacket off and
hands it to brent after the lineup he
meets up with brandt again and he tells
them that eddie is cleared of suspicion
brandt then compliments eddie's suit
jacket he makes his way back to carl's
office and discovers atwood is now in a
coma he heads to the bathroom to take
another pill and discovers his secret
pocket is empty his stash is gone he
goes back to carl and a package is
brought to him he opens it and sees his
disembodied bodyguard's hands inside in
shock he runs out of carl's office and
hurries home he watches a news report
regarding updates on atwood's situation
and sees that brandt is also atwood's
attorney eddie then hears banging at his
door and notices from the surveillance
cameras that kennedy has arrived with
his goons using metal grinders and steel
cutters to break in stuck in an
inescapable situation eddie steps up to
the balcony readying himself to jump as
his foot slips he stops himself trying
to remember if he had left even just a
single tablet somewhere he digs through
his mind and recalls one being left in
his old tin container he reaches through
the boxes and finds it but kennedy
breaks in and eddie trips on a box
losing the pill kennedy's goons pin
eddie down and kennedy shows eddie an
even better way of using nzt he
dissolves it and injects it directly
into his bloodstream he says it's more
potent this way it even lasts longer he
shoots up and tells his men to find
eddie's stash while he tortures him for
the information the henchmen start
grinding into the safe in the next room
while kennedy approaches eddie but eddie
stabs him with a knife he had earlier
concealed the two struggle and eddie
drives the blade into kennedy killing
him eddie lays on the floor next to a
bleeding kennedy he eyes the needle
gennady had used to inject the nzt and
decides to drink kennedy's blood hoping
to get some of the nzt into him it works
and his brain starts working at total
capacity now he knows how to fight off
the goons he takes down one of them and
then the other
meanwhile atwood dies at the hospital
eddie appears at the hospital and sits
down next to the driver he wonders how
atwood died even though they
successfully got the nzt pills for him
the driver then helps eddie find brandt
finding out that brandt had kept the
pills for himself rather than give them
to atwood
they find the drugs in brandt's closet
twelve months later eddie has a book out
and is running for the senate he gets a
call that a man representing a large
pharmaceutical firm is waiting for him
in his office eddie is surprised to see
that the man is carl carl now reveals
that he knows about nzt telling eddie
that the company he owns manufactures
the drug carl offers eddie a steady
supply of nzt in exchange for a few
favors he would later ask eddie refuses
carl's offer but carl warns that the
illegal nzt labs have all been shut down
eddie then reveals that he doesn't take
nzt anymore he had the drug tweaked and
edited a while back removing the side
effects he slowly took less and less nzt
until he no longer depended on it but
the effects of the drug remained
permanent on him the modified nzt had
permanently altered his brain patterns
and now eddie's brain is fully unlocked
even off the drug and he shows this by
predicting a van would hit a car because
the driver is distracted carl looks over
and it happens eddie then places his
hand on carl's chest saying he detects
several problems with carl's heart carl
warns eddie that he would be a brutal
enemy but eddie is not threatened saying
he'd always be 50 steps ahead of him he
walks to a restaurant and meets with
lindy there thanks for watching please
like and subscribe and click the bell
icon to get new movie recaps